[Music]
the science behind x3 there's there's
actually 16 studies those are all in the
book there's new studies on variable
resistance all the time and I think it's
really important that we point to
studies that we didn't do these were all
third parties people some some of the
researchers I've met at conferences and
most of my haven't so all of these 16
studies came the same conclusion now
some of them use different combinations
or different weight apparatus plus
banding it doesn't really matter if
you're holding X weight here
and 1.5 X weight here that is better
than holding one static weight now we
have X here and just about 5 X here so
that's a more aggressive level of
variable resistance and you'll read in
some of those studies that the degree of
variance as it becomes higher the growth
rate becomes higher and that's why that
decision was made so there's 16 studies
in the book there's about 6 on the
website because we wanted to keep it
very readable I also want to talk about
one study that found that variable
resistance doesn't work so it went
against the sixteen other studies and I
want to explain that one so this had a
weight training group as the control and
then it had a variable resistance group
that was training with just bands so no
bar no no nothing just bands and after
we we were puzzled by this study because
how could a study on variable resistance
go against the sixteen other studies so
it turns out they used thera-band and
that's a rehab type type product and we
found the specific model a thera-band in
the methods section of the study and it
showed that the highest possible
resistance they could have gotten to at
peak force was fourteen point one pounds
so this was a study that was written so
the variable resistance failed but uh
yeah it was
very misleading but the rest of them
have very powerful results in and as I
mentioned the more aggressive level of
the variance the more aggressive level
of growth and that is why x3 is the
highest degree of variance that anyone's
ever really used and there's hardly any
variable resistance products even out
there and the ones that are out there
will have something like X here and 1.2
X here and you know kind of meaningless